*People chanting eminem*
*Paper folding/tearing*
*Footsteps*
*Door open and slam shut*
*More footsteps* 
*Gun reloading*
*sigh*
Where's my snare?
I have no snare on my headphones
There you go, yeah, yo yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'
Leaving with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
See they can trigger me but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I betcha probably sick of me now
Ain't you mama? I 'ma make you look so ridiculous now
I'm sorry mama, I Never meant to hurt you
I Never meant to make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet
One more time
I said, "I'm sorry mama, I Never meant to hurt you
I Never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin out my closet, ha"
I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'm a expose it, I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed my goodbye
No I don't, on second thought I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try to make it work wit her
At least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'd of killed 'em, shit I would've shot Kim and them both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to the Eminem show
I'm sorry mama, I Never meant to hurt you
I Never meant to make you cry
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet
One more time
I said, "I'm sorry mama, I Never meant to hurt you
I Never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha"
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of Munchausen's syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when yaw lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
See what hurts me the most, is you won't admit you was wrong
Screw this song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in Hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you
I Never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
One more time
I said, "I'm sorry mama, I Never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet"
(Phone Rings)
Eminem
Hello?
What Up?
Hello?
Yo I Can-I Can't hear you
let me call you right back
Verse
I sense someone's tapping into my phones, why do
I got this feeling in my bones, I might die soon
the F.B.I. might be tryin to pull my files soon
I might be walking, blindfold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
right outside of the window, of my living room
and if they do 
then you can say goodnight and bye bye to them iTunes
if I don't try to, record as much before I do
the plan is to have as many in the can as I can
as I stand before you in this booth a walking dead man
blank stare, dead pan
look on my face is a gaze into space
as I wait to be scooped up in that van
just mysteriously disappear into thin air
and they gon say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere
and I go down into history
as the blood suckin leech
who hid behind the freedom of speech
tried to take the fifth ammendment
use it, twist it and bend it
and ended up dying a villain out the hero's splinters
the bendest way to end this
I can feel the trim its tremendous
in remembrance of September 11th
flashback to September 7th
when Tupac was murdered in Vegas
he said that he predicted his own death
let us never forget it
should we ever live to regret it
like the day that John F. Kennedy was assasinated
in broud day by that crazed lunatic with a gun
who just happened to work in the same block
in the library book depository where 
the president would go for a little friday stroll
shots fired from the Grassy knoll
but they don't know
but do they?
who's they for em to say?
tushay, we're all gonna revolve in a spook-ay
this is as bout as cook-ay as I've ever felt now
countdown a nuclear meltdown
7,6,5,4 3,2,1
you can run
you can do what you want to
but you you know you aint gonna do nothing
when its time, its your time
you are the prime target
you have become
Public enemy number one
Yo yo
Mic check
Testing one, two
Ffff-fuck
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too badyo why you diss me?
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you hada big dick
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!"
You know I just be saying that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!"nurse! nurse
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
What a wonderful dayI should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (what? ) and drive away
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (mooooo!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with +agent orange+
And wiped my ass with his page in source (here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip*mystikal's*voicebox out, scream in his ear (ahhhhhh!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? i don't know what a fuck is to give it
"Yeah I don't think this guy is well " I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail
I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nut sack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that
You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Christopher
Reeves, I was teething with strap throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm filler than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
And walkin through south central LA, bleedin in jeans
(Am I a Blood or a Crypt? ) wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke
My attitude is worse than NWA's was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like cool j does (my tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildinscreamin
"Puffy is good, (hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (wait!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two micsI write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-heartedcause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event +been there, done that+
Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
"Come on, let's go!"
Want a deal? study these 5 chapters
Lesson one throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two face em and diss em (whattup dog? )
Don't give em a demokidnap em (I want you to come with me)
And make em come to your basement and listen
(You're gonna fuckin check this out)
Lesson three get a job at a labelswitch demos with canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (here listen!)
Lesson four 'know you heard this before'
"Hey let me get your numberI'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
Get the whitest aandr you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five get a hook-up at jive
Dress up like ICP. and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the streetI ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like Master
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (oww!)
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("it's all about me ")
Gave Alyssa Milano syphilis, mono and gonorrhea ("you're a dick!")
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin Aaliyah
(What? oh my god!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass ("oh! ooh shady! oooh!")
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too badyo why you diss me?
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you hada big dick
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!"
You know I just be saying that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!"nurse! nurse
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I know that makes you real mad, don't it?
That's right, slim shady (yup) sway and tech
Sprayin wreck (bitch)
And we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
Or a damn or a fuck or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick
Yeah, whattup Detroit? Nu uh, nu uh, nuh, no, he didn't
Ahh! they didn't do it again
What what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
Oh, fo sho! Uh uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here, what what, what what what?
Yeah, its a toast to the boogie baby, uhh, to the boogie oogie oogie
Yeah, yknow! What's crackin' Dre?
Just let me lay back and kick some mo simplistic pimp shit
On slims shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on guilty conscience at concerts
And watch moshpits 'til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
Some of these crowds that slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when its packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and snoop draw  is niggaz from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
You and what army could harm me?
D R E and shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
Came a long way, to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long Uz, and I carry it all day
Sometimes its like a nightmare, just bein' Andre
But I
Somehow, someway, tell 'em, nigga, you know about Dogg-ay
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin' son
Hit and run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of em the same bang, bang!
Damn, baby girl, whats your name?
I forgot  what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin' in the club, with my nephew Eminem whattup 'cuz?
The great white American hope, done hooked up
With the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast, bay bay!
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
I'm the head nigga in charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, 'cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with god
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
Its like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the body bag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with puff
Bitch, please you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, c'mon
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
Aw naw, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy bay bay
He's sha-day, he's so cra-zay!
Hahaha! gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the inter scope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin' a living
Off of the worlds misery, what in the world gives me the right
To say what I like, and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a white kid from the burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down, theres a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
Its just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you fagot, you happy now? Look here
I start some trouble everywhere that I go
(That I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know
('Cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do
(The back do)
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo fo
(A fo fo)
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg
X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
So the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin' pills bitin' him
I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin' the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin' handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin'
Bitch it's too late
'Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains
I'm an instigator, 380 slug penetrator
Degradin', creatin' murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it for havin' blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, forgive me
I'm snatchin' every penny it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, brigade laced it
You hidin' I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin' me they bracelets
Chillin' in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink kahlua and gin throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the million man March we gon' fight
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
I'm a compulsive liar, settin' my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin' down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin' my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?)
Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?)
Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin' your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin' the record skip
Lettin' the record skip
Lettin' the record skip
(Damn!)
I'm fuckin' anything when I'm snortin'
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin' ass mom
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin' nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a stop the violence rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin', get your ass capped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Want your motherfuckin' pockets,ascap
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get their jag jacked
And found chopped up in a trash bag
We stranglin' rappers until the point they can't yell
'Cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your Adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a luni
I got a yuk mouth and it's polluted, I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin' up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin Kuniva yo yo
I leave ya face leakin' run up in church
And smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon
I used to tell cats that I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin'  'em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin' in water
In cahoots with this nigga named fall out von
Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb
I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin' me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin' they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'Til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin' in dough
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
Suck my motherfuckin dick, D-12 dirty motherfuckin' dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid, swifty McVeigh, The Kon Artis
The Kuniva, Dirty Harry and Slim Shady
[Tonya]
Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck stop!
Thank God you stopped.
fuck, my fucking on star isn't working,
I left my fucking phone at home!
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour
I'n soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver
What are you doing?
Fucking! Get away from me! What the FUCK! FUCKIN ASSHOLE!
GET AWAY FROM ME YOU MOTHERFUCKER! GET AWAY!
GET AWAY YOU FUCKIN FREAK! GET AWAY FROM ME!
GODDAMIT FUCK! HELP ME!
[Intro]
(Ca$his)
REMIX!
(Eminem)
As the crabby little bastard that I am
Sly what the fuck a slick sick son of a bitch
Silly little rabbit don't you know `Trix` are for kids
This is what the moral to the story is
(Ca$his)Re-Up!
[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white or a albino yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it, then I won't say it
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
A little bit like the boy who cried wolf yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah*
From outta nowhere, you might find your career
Come to an *ERR!* and I'm just like (Oh Yeah!)
[Chorus - Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)
[Verse 2 - Eminem]
You jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let em talk shit, cause they talk shit
Knowing deep down, they really just wanna squash it
Cause no one wants to walk around, stepping in dog shit
And get doo-doo on their shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let em, inside's like 'go get em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum'
We just keep winning, by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's in any size yo, Denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya'
Meanwhile your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY, yes sir!
So full of joy, boy am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Tharr boi don't curr'
[Chorus - Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is G-Unit at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)
[Verse 3 - Ca$his]
CA$HIS!!
Watch Jimmy get cracked to the floor wit a round
Spun around and hit the ground
You the new James Brown
New king of Mo-Town
Side wit folk while
You not a G you a joke and thay all know now
I don't brag about the way that I lived in the past
I just pray I get away after whoppin` your ass
From now on don't speak namin` your reps
I'll hop out yo` pussys' restin` on blech
But I told you Ca$his consecutively sweet life off the beat all you hear is me
I'm A B.B.G plus a B.G.D Bring it on anytime you wanna come see me
Stay alive lil` guy you don't want it with me
And your man Fifty put your money on me
King Mathers made me to blow up
Re-Up I'll crush that you know Cash up Shady!
[Chorus - Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where, no where, no where)
Yo yo, this Switch-BÃƒÂƒÃ‚Â¢€ÃƒÂ‚Ã‚Â¦ aka FlipÃƒÂƒÃ‚Â¢€ÃƒÂ‚Ã‚Â¦ representin the TUTÃƒÂƒÃ‚Â¢€ÃƒÂ‚Ã‚Â¦ n this here our love songÃƒÂƒÃ‚Â¢€ÃƒÂ‚Ã‚Â¦ check it outÃƒÂƒÃ‚Â¢€ÃƒÂ‚Ã‚Â¦
(Switch-B)
Yo,
If I could start from scratch, I'd change most of it,
If  u gave me your trust, I wouldn't of broken it,
I shoulda helped you out, back in 97',
Shit I wouldn't of let u go I woulda made your life heaven
I woulda hushed my mouth, gave my shit up, 
I woulda minded my own business, n not let things get fucked,
Up, I woulda gone to church, maybe become a saint,
Erased this so-called picture we paint, 
I woulda bin a soldier, no matter what shit
I woulda bin perfect, the man u want-ed
I never woulda slacked, now this is a fact
I never woulda rhymed, ova this track
If u didn't want it, I never woulda rapped,
But this is my life n we can't change that
I woulda bin there, I never woulda tried
I would never want to live, I never woulda lied
I woulda changed it all back, to the past you see,
I never woulda let you put your fingers on me
I woulda let you be, keep my hands off the gun,
I never woulda changed, never try for number 1
I would never of intervened, just you n your son,
N now I'm revelating, putting it all into a song
I would never of invited you to any show I did,
I wouldn't of wanted you to show, even though you did
I would never shed a tear for a girl I can't stand, 
I never woulda back-talked, never raised a hand
I would never want you to think, that this shit was planned,
I woulda let you go, but I didn't think you'd understand
That we could never be together, I could never be your man,
But if I could turn back time I wouldn't put you through this again
I never woulda thought, that we could be buddies,
I never woulda asked for any pennies of your money
But its just the way you were, you were so cunning,
That's why I couldn't be your man, n you couldn't be my honey
Now I gotta start from scratch, change my whole past,
I'd change it all, make sure I never asked,
You out on a date 'cause if I knew it would never last
I woulda forgotten all about you n erased you from the cast
I don't make shit up, I speak truth if I'm rapping
But if I could go back in time, 'us' never woulda happened

Hes no magician and he gave me somethin' outta nuthin
So now niggaz from this hood act like we owe em somethin 
They talk crazy til we send this nigga through there to buck em 
Ask 'em if theres a problem and they'll say naw its nothin 
He' was gonna help em out, but since they fronted, fuck em 
He dont care how they feel they makin em love em 
He hold it down on his own the kid is really thuggin 
He's rich now, he aint change so Niggaz think he buggin 
He pull a clip everything these Niggaz try to buck him 
Keep Two pistols on this hip I show you we aint tuck em 
And they say they gon' get at him but they cant touch him 
Try to catch em slippin, they creepin and he start bustin 
[Chorus - Nate Dogg] 
This Is The Story Of A Warrior U Kno U Kno It 
Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise 
It AInt Nothin' To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid 
Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Don't Need My Boyz 
Im Doin' About 120 On The Fast Lane 
Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang 
Dont Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain 
Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game 
[Nate Dogg] 
I can give you somethin' you can talk about 
I can turn this smile upside down 
You ain't no G-Unit fuckin' clown 
I can take your girl until I turn her out 
The bootey layed all out 
I can give you fuckin' somethin' to be mad about 
And buy her rings and I back out 
With my DNA all in her mouth.
Here's the story, of a little boy.
Growin' up in a suburban home,
Trying to cope with everyday life,
Who lives in a little house,
That was built, in the middle of the street.
"Hey, Mom!
Tupac's on the juke box,
so what he shot two cops,
and raped a little girl,
while two dudes watched,"
"Nuh-uh! They were tryin' to frame him,
You wouldn't have Two Pack Shaker,"
"No! That ain't how you say his name, mum!
You're so lame,
Don't you know anything?"
"Yeah!
I know that you'll probably go,
and join in a gang,"
"Yeah, right. Im out
Where's my fuckin' walkman at?"
"Stop cussin' at me!"
"Shut up, bitch!"
"And quit talking black."
Well,
Slammed the door and I'm out,
Now, what?
It's probably warm in the house.
Fuck, I forgot my jacket,
forgot it was winter.
I'm gettin' thinner,
I'm hungry.
Is Mom cookin' dinner?
"Mom!
Let me back in!
I forgot my coat.
Mom, come on, I'm not playin',
It's cold!
Alright, sorry.
I need a jacket,
Mom, look,
My Tupac tape,
I just cracked it,
Ma, please let me back in,
It is Two Pack Shaker,
I just asked him."
I'm freezin', (achoo)
I'm sneezin',
I'm breathin' too much cold air,
I'm wheezin',
"I ain't did nothin',
I didn't say "I'm leavin',"
I said "I'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin',""
(scissors cutting)
"Alright, here.
Take your damn coat and leave,"
"Finaly!,
Mom! You cut off the sleaves!"
(Chorus 4x)
Our house,
In the middle of the street.
One, two, three,
My teacher's two faced,
She went to lower my school grades,
Since Last Tuesday,
I had a toothache,
from kool-aid,
So Mom kicked me out, (get out)
And, all i had in my suitcase,
Was one shoelace,
A tube sock,
and a tube of toothpaste,
Sometimes,
It was cool,
"cause I could go to a friend's,
Crash there,
Fool around and just skip school.
But other times,
I'd rather just be home,
In my own room alone,
BEAT my shit and nobody would know,
My little brother sucked on a bottle,
'Til he was six,
So I'd hide it inside the couch,
And say "I don't know where it is,"
But as soon as Mom found it,
I would either be grounded,
or kicked out the house,
a thousand weeks,.
and still countin',
Even when I was underage,
Mom was tellin' cops,
I was tryin' to run away,
I told her,
"Someday, bitch, you're gonna pay,"
Please, Mom, Please, Mom, Please, Mom,
I wanna stay, (let me stay)
(Chorus 4x)
My brother's incoherint,
Mom's a single parent,
Who ain't carin',
Starin' through me,
Like I'm transparent,
Made it clear,
That I was just there,
to run an errands,
Told her friends,
I was a son from her last marriage,
Sent me up to the little corner store,
with a little note,
"Please, sell my step-son,
Some cigarettes so I can smoke,"
One time,
I tried to fake sick,
To get attention,
Back-fired,
Mom, sent me to school,
With a vengence,
My life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me,
I go to class,
and every teacher's always laughin' at me,
And Mom says white rappers are laughed at.
Not only that,
She heard me upstairs,
I can't rap,
and I'm stupid,
I never make an average,
of a B+,
I need to sit on my ass and sue people,
Like she does,
One time, I got food poison,
From a hot dog,
Mom sued and got $2,000,
From Ballpark,
"Hey, Ma. You got a dollar?"
"I don't think so.
Now keep an eye on your brother,
I'm goin' to bingo."
"But, Mom. You said you were broke."
"Who said?
You got your ears messed up,
from that damn rap music."
(Chorus Fades Out)
I need you to pray for me
And I need you to care for me
And I need you to want me to win
I need to know where I'm heading, 'cause I know where I've been
Flows, bones, crushing it's nothing
I come up with something
Come through your strip, fronting, stunting
It's something you want, 745 chrome spinning
Haters hate that I'm winnning
Man I've been hot from the beginning
Motherfuckers envy the kid, control your jealousy
'Cause I can't control my temper, I'm fitting to catch a felony
Pistol in hand homie, I'm down to get it popping
Once I squeeze the first shot
No, I ain't stopping till my clip is empty
I'm simply not that nigga you should try your luck with
Fuck with, hollow-tip shells struck with your bones broke
Gun smoking, still locing, what nigga
Lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
I cross my bigger nigga and I didn't cry
Too young to understand, the consequences of man
Living a lie, I gotta get that money
I'll be damned if if I'm bummy
Gotta watch my back around these niggas
'Cause they fronting 20 years
Of watching my mama's tears
Got me heated, heavily weeded
Smoking that bomg 'cause I need it
These niggas don't want me balling, they want me bury
Balled in the dirt, from shots flurry
Laying with bugs under my shirt
I got plans to hop up in that hummer
'Cause I'mma stunner, I sit back and wonder
When them angels gon' call my number
Under, my chest is a heart of a lion
I ain't lying, bounty hunters got me flying
With my iron, high as a giant
I'm running from nothing, my stomach is touching
What I'm clutching, to give you more then a concussion
End of discussion, my blood is colder, so I'm bolder
Hennesy and soda, hood on my my shoulder
Looking in the mirror, I see a soldier
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
These are my ideas, this is my sweat and tears
This is shit that I saw with my eyeballs, my ears
This is me who's gotta be what you see on TV
What you hear on CD, what appears easy
Man these teenie boppers see me on these magazine covers
In these beanies and these rags, living fantasies
Fronting like it's all fun and games, till they shoot 'em up bang
Then you see ya brains hang and you see we ain't playing
Ain't saying we ain't laying down at night and ain't praying
I bully my way in this game, man I'm done playing
Man I'm done saying that I'm done playing
I'mma start laying any of these motherfucking cocksuckers
There's no way I'mma back down, like a goddamn coward
I can't, how would I look as a man bowing to his knees
Like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me
And not lash back out at 'em, please
Oh, whoa, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me
Not Marshall, you wanna see Marshall?
I'll show you Marshall, I try to show you art
Put you just pick it apart, so I see I have to start
Showing you fucken old farts a whole other side
I wanted to not show you, so you know you're not dealing with
Some fucken marshmallow, little soft yellow
Punk pussy, who's heart's jello, 'cause
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
Intro: 
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around what is this... what is this...
The Invasion! yeah yeah Green Lantern! The infiltration! We're comin'!
Yeah!
I got 50 Cent, I got G-unit, D-twizzy in this bitch, wit' obie trice
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name, 'cause you say one more thing, it won't be nice
Here we go,
I shoulda known 
I was bound to get pulled
into some bullshit
sooner or later 
you litte haters 
are too jealous of us to love us
you hate it, 
G-unit made it, 
then Obie's coming,
D-twizzy's comin, ya sick to 
ya stomach
50 percent of it's 50 Cent,
the other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' takin' our label down,
you better find our building 
and fly a fuckin plane into it
But I ain't tryin to get to intricate into it, 
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
'cause then it's gonna get to the point 
where it escalates into some other shit, 
then I'm a flip 
then I'm a get to
stompin' in my Air Force once, 
won't be able to tell if its two purrs or it's one
'cause it's gone feel like so many feet kickin you, 
you think Nike just made these cleats into shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be,
but I get a woody, 
when these pussies try to push me
thinkin they gone put me in a position to pickle me
yall tickle me pink, 
I think I'd just rather have pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety,
a little bit of the diggety doc
diggety mixed with a little bit of the jigga j-jigga
what a small pinch, 
biggy look at me, 
I'm just a bomb diggety
(Chorus)
We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable
'cause we gone fuck around and kill your lable! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, Shady 
records we the lable for sho!
We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable
'cause we gone fuck around and steal your paper! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, we're 
gone kill your fuckin lable for sho!
(Bridge)
Shady in the place to BC, 'cause I got what it takes to rock tha mic RIGHT!
still watch what you say to me ho cause im off probation in less than 6 MONTHS! 
(Outro)
ha ha, whooo, Shady records, still Aftermath, and don't think we don't hear you 
muthafuckas talkin, 'cause we do, we see y'all, but we just gone sit back for a minute 
and see what the fuck y'all do!
